hi my name is Emily and I write for star
lobster blog I'm also a creative
director of my own nail polish brand for
laugh collab I've got a world exclusive
for you today introducing micro nail
which is a great little tool that gives
you a naturally beautiful finish on your
nails with no polish whatsoever in your
kit you'll get your micro nail device
you'll also get two of the micro smooth
rollers for buffing to micro shine
rollers polishing your batteries are
included and you'll also get a handy
instruction booklet as well at the
bottom of the micro nail is a little
button if you just pop this to the side
the device pops out and there's two
spaces for where your double-a batteries
will go that and then you just slide it
back together all your micro nail
rollers will come with a protective
plastic film like this just make sure
you remove it before you start so I'm
just going to move the roller around the
base of the nail and then quickly smooth
it over the tips it immediately removed
all my ridges giving you a smooth nail
bed if you're wondering what it feels
like it's completely non abrasive it's
actually really gentle on my skin as
well so I'm going to move on to the next
stage which is the shiny bit I'm going
to take off that roller and replace it
with the micro shine one which is white
so I'm just using the same technique as
I did with the smoothing tool but for
the shining school and
I can already see it coming up really
glossy and beautifully can you see that
guys that's amazing it's so glossy it's
like a topcoat it's like first layers of
topcoat it's going to go ahead with the
other nails same technique really
lightly just buffing it over the nail
bed another great thing about this
product is it acts as a base coat in a
manicure so your nail polish will glide
on effortlessly really quick really easy
and within a matter of seconds you've
got this beautifully natural shine on
your nail bed gorgeous what do I love
about micro nail I get the most
naturally beautiful nails which lasts up
to two weeks and it's like I'm using the
world's best topcoat only I didn't use
anything up to I think this is a beauty
must-have for 2014 you can pick it up
exclusively at Boots and micro nailed up
coat at UK so join in the conversation
about micro nail search hashtags micro
nail
[Music]